welcome everyone
so in the last video that I did on the
old love new love pact I had mentioned
that I was still waiting for these to
come in they finally arrived from East
Bay and they are the Air Jordan one
retro hi oh jeez in the white/black gym
red colorway commonly known as the black
toes glad to finally have men so let's
have a closer look and here they are now
in Jordan's rookie year these actually
came in twelve original colorways in a
high-top version six of the pair's he
actually wore during the regular season
and playoffs with the most well known
colorways being these the black toes
Chicago colorway in the black and red
pair and also with the black toes some
of the most iconic images that you'll
see of him either holding them wearing
them will be of the black toes
themselves so let's have a closer look
so cool so look at the shoe you do have
that nike air on the insole nike air on
the tongue now the shoe basically the
upper is made up of red white and black
leather unlike the old love new love
pair the swoosh on these it's a leather
not a new buck and keeping it to the og
look there's no jump man on the heel
white midsole with white stitching and
that classic Nike swoosh outsole and I
also put in the white laces that come
with it
so it all depends on your preference
black laces white laces up to you and
that's pretty much it so just a quick
look at the black tulle retros I thought
they were really well done a step up
from the Chicago colorway if you are
able to get a pair at a decent price I
would say definitely go for it you won't
be disappointed
and most importantly thank you all for
watching please don't forget to rate
comment subscribe and until next time
take care